# :star2: Conventions of the project :star2:

NOTE: This document describe the rules apply in the project.

## Pull requests format

* Include the purpose of this Pull Request. For example:
`This refactore the handling message by Agent…`
* If the Pull Request is work in progress, add the prefix “[WIP]” in the title.
* You can open a pull request at the middle of your implementation to get some review, advice.
* Mention teams that you want to involve in the discussion, and mention why ("cc").
* Be explicit about what feedback you want, if any: a quick pair of eyes on the code, 
discussion on the technical approach, critique on design, a review of copy.
* Explain your reasons why code should be changed.
* Add a link to the issue(s) you cover in the PR e.g. `#2`. Github will automatically make the link for you. 

### Review :eyes:

* Use the `Request changes` to ask some modification.
* Ask, don’t tell. (“What do you think about trying…?” rather than “Don’t do…”)
* Offer ways to simplify or improve code.
* Use a neutral language.

_Best efforts:_
* Check the coding style.
* Pull the PR and run the tests yourself if the `CI` is broken.
* Verify the presence of unit tests.

## :exclamation: :exclamation: Merge a pull request :exclamation: :exclamation:

At least, two contributors of the module must give you a `LGTM` in the comments to merge your PR.

## Issue format

TODO

## commit message format

Write your commit message in the imperative: "Fix bug" and not "Fixed
bug" or "Fixes bug." This convention matches up with commit messages
generated by commands like git merge and git revert.
And its easy to `grep` what you want with this convention.

### Example for a commit message

``` 
#1234 Add filter by state for sort the agents
```

### Rules for commit messages style
* Capitalize the subject line and each paragraph
* Separate subject from body with a blank line
* Use the body to explain what and why you have done something. In most cases, you can leave out details about how a change has been made.
* Use the imperative mood in the subject line (see above)

### Rules for information in body
* Describe why a change is being made.
* What effects does the patch have?
* Do not assume the reviewer understands what the original problem was.

## coding style

TODO

## :sparkles: Attitude :heart:

* If you disagree strongly, consider giving it a few minutes before responding; think before you react.
* Offer ways to simplify or improve code.
* Avoid using derogatory terms, like “stupid”, when referring to the work someone has produced.

Happy contribution!
